Introduce new max_sub_interval config for integral sensor (#31453)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/integration.markdown

of the values provided by a source sensor. The Riemann sum is an approximation
of an **integral** by a finite sum.

The integration sensors are updated upon changes of the **source**. Fast

> sampling source sensors provide more accurate results. In this implementation, the

Reviewer: I would not remove this information as it still applies!

Author: What is a "fast sampling source sensor"? And how does it provide "more accurate results"? And more accurate than what?

Reviewer: fast sampling means you have more samples of the underlying continuous function (the real physical phenomena), therefore a rienmann sum will be able to better approach the continuous function (regardless of method) if you have more samples.

of the values provided by a source sensor. The Riemann sum is an approximation
of an **integral** by a finite sum.

> The integration sensors are updated upon changes of the source and optionally based on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The integration sensors are updated whenever the source changes and, optionally, based on a predefined
```

> time. Fast sampling source sensors provide more accurate results.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
time interval. Source sensors with higher sampling frequency provide more accurate results.
```
tiny tweak. feel free to ignore if I misunderstood this.

  description: Metric unit to prefix the integration result.
Integration time:
  description: SI unit of time to integrate over.
Max sub-interval:

>   description: Applies time based integration if the source did not change for this duration. This implies that at least every 'max sub-interval' the integral is updated. Use 0 for no time based updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  description: Applies time-based integration if the source did not change for this duration. This implies that at least every `max sub-interval`, the integral is updated. If you don't want time-based updates, enter 0.
```

  required: false
  type: string
  default: trapezoidal
max_sub_interval:
  description: "Applies time based integration if the source did not change for this duration. This implies that at least every `max_sub_interval` the integral is updated. Use 0 for no time based updates."
  required: false
  type: time
{% endconfiguration %}

In case you expect that your source sensor will provide several subsequent values that are equal, you should opt for the `left` method to get accurate readings.

The unit of `source` together with `unit_prefix` and `unit_time` is used to generate a unit for the integral product (e.g. a source in `W` with prefix `k` and time `h` would result in `kWh`). Note that `unit_prefix` and `unit_time` are _also_ relevant to the Riemann sum calculation. 

## Integration method

Riemann Sum is a approximation of an integral by a finite sum and is therefore intrinsically inaccurate, nonetheless, depending on the method used, values can be more or less accurate.
Riemann Sum is a approximation of an integral by a finite sum and is therefore intrinsically inaccurate, nonetheless, values can be more or less accurate.

> Regardless of the method used the integration will be more accurate if the source updates more often. If your source is not updated, neither will the Riemann Sum sensor, as all this integration does is calculate the next step in the event of a source update.

Reviewer: "Regardless of the method used the integration will be more accurate if the source updates more often. "

Still applies...

  required: false
  type: string
  default: trapezoidal
max_sub_interval:

>   description: "Applies time based integration if the source did not change for this duration. This implies that at least every `max_sub_interval` the integral is updated. Use 0 for no time based updates."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  description: "Applies time-based integration if the source did not change for this duration. This implies that at least every `max sub-interval`, the integral is updated. If you don't want time-based updates, enter 0."
```

  required: false
  type: time
{% endconfiguration %}

In case you expect that your source sensor will provide several subsequent values that are equal, you should opt for the `left` method to get accurate readings.

The unit of `source` together with `unit_prefix` and `unit_time` is used to generate a unit for the integral product (e.g. a source in `W` with prefix `k` and time `h` would result in `kWh`). Note that `unit_prefix` and `unit_time` are _also_ relevant to the Riemann sum calculation. 

## Integration method

> Riemann Sum is a approximation of an integral by a finite sum and is therefore intrinsically inaccurate, nonetheless, depending on the method used, values can be more or less accurate.

Reviewer: by removing "depending on the method used, " this sentence became strange due to redundancy of "inaccurate"

> Riemann Sum is a approximation of an integral by a finite sum and is therefore intrinsically inaccurate, nonetheless, values can be more or less accurate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Riemann Sum is an approximation of an integral by a finite sum and is therefore intrinsically inaccurate. Nonetheless, values can be more or less accurate.
```

Reviewer: `Nonetheless, values can be more or less accurate. `

As a user, I would ask why (this is basically all forum posts)

> The Riemann Sum is an approximation of an integral by a finite sum and is therefore intrinsically inaccurate. Nonetheless, values can be more or less accurate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Riemann Sum is an approximation of an integral by a finite sum and is therefore intrinsically inaccurate. Nonetheless, depending on the method used, values can be more or less accurate.
```

> The integration method defines how to calculate the area under the source sensor when it changes. Regardless of the method used the integration will be more accurate if the source updates more often. The config `max_sub_interval` can be used to trigger integration when the source sensor is constant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The integration method defines how to calculate the area under the source sensor when it changes. Regardless of the method used, the integration will be more accurate if the source updates more often. The config `max_sub_interval` can be used to trigger integration when the source sensor is constant.
```
